i'm david bass you're watching Griffin
sports insider sponsored by spineless
for physical
The Bachelor favorite dog don't bank
that tax talent athlete with great hands
and jot down my caching abilities I
think I can make the place definitely
think I can make the place Reggie
Jordan's ability to catch everything has
earned him NFL attention the six foot
three 240 pound Griffin tied in has
snagged a spot in February's NFL
Scouting Combine in India appleís the
invitation-only event open to the NFL's
top prospects then that's how combine is
a very difficult thing to to get invited
to he was already moving furniture and I
got a call from Indianapolis so I didn't
actually pick up the phone because I was
moving but then I called him back then
the lady picked up she's like yes NFL
Combine
sure you got your email I was just you
know like is this a joke you know
buzz career numbers aren't necessarily
mind-boggling
Jordan's talent is unquestioned 17 of
his 50 to career catches have been
touchdowns his ability to get the ball
has opened many eyes the combine is a
numbers game of multiple testing and a
way of proving Jordan belongs with the
likes of multiple Griffins and others in
the big show there's a lot of the
measurable things that he'll test well
the fact that he's got a chance to me
looked at like that it bodes well for
the very Western and our player
development and bodes well for ready
Jordan
I'm a guy that believes in you know
anything is possible chance of a
lifetime
you